Add dependency update process to release docs (#9889)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/process/agent-release/pre-release.md

## Before Freeze

1. Make a dependency update PR 1 week before freeze:
    * Create a new branch
    * Run `ddev dep updates --sync`
    * Run `ddev dep sync`
    * Create a PR with the updated dependencies

>     * If CI is failing and there are compatibility reasons, investigate the errors. You may have to add the dependency to the [ignore list](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/datadog_checks_dev/datadog_checks/dev/tooling/commands/dep.py#L22) and revert that change.

Reviewer: line number may change over time

```suggestion
    * If CI is failing and there are compatibility reasons, investigate the errors. You may have to add the dependency to the set of [IGNORED_DEPS](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/datadog_checks_dev/datadog_checks/dev/tooling/commands/dep.py) and revert that change.
```
